I got two wheels away
It started-
It is Fast Tateyama that Okura was slightly from the start of the moment
Come on Tanino Gimlet is also one of the group
Osawa Flag plunged into the inside and went out of the valley suddenly that came out from then
Gold Oh Ruru or take no game game taken even all the time # 15 is with the outside
Tiger Cafe
Bumbu event will go before that soon after
Found megastar dam This is the first move behind group Symboli Kris S is within the outer
I will wait
Then right after that, Admeyerdon, and the curve telegenosis of the index's first corner of the leg
Head to the second corner at 67th from the back Come on !
The valley leads the top three horses
Balance of game second
The third position of one horse's body position that can hold down gold
After that, Oosawa Grag bump event will be held 4th in a row.
After that I went down to the bridge and built the outside Tiger cafe Then I took the inside from the 10th
I entered the front at the stardom
Out side by side Symboli Kris S in earlier interruption after its start will be in the long-awaited Akatsuki
Vinegar from
It is passing in the 61-second range of 1000 meters passing Let's look after the group
Adomaiyadon to the midfield group Teregunoshisu is around the outside of which
And right after that, the Norisen Satsuki moon horse from behind is brush 8 and day from the back
The art of Tanino Gimlet lining up with that person was delayed Mt Blizzard Shears
Then cage and then preiser from it behind stuff to sushi talc
It has fallen to the end of the first Tateyama
What is this may be royal road and this is true
I'm in the curve of the third corner I'm pulling away and running away
Now Chan Valley lead is jammed I issue Bridge from 6 Umami but got off to a 800
The balance of game put up with the second position and the gold allure still 3 bumps
Are
Come and see if it is the universe
Intermediate 600 signs of early or city Tanea planted as soon as possible with
Come on popular activities whether Taninogimuretto is up toward distant from midfield around the equivalent
Come
A battle of balance that is straight from the ion toner card ?
And it is lined with that person
He spreads gold and then spreads from now on .
Come on, then, but I 'm coming up with a lot of symbiosis Criss es and needles
No Gimlet from Ost
Wait Ken'akatsuki got off to a rather then with gold Allium lantern moat is painful Ah today is to
Mega stardom place so the place Camino Gimlet
God Nogi
Now for the Red Tanino Gimlet of the Moon
While waiting for the third house, I'm waiting for you
Was the Megastar Dam slightly delayed ?